Have what is a guy in Malcolm X now in this video we will be working out what.
That's why I've said OK we're going to overview everything and that we have in the dashboard so they
can see that everything is here.
We also have the pre-Chase membership back.
OK.
So in a membership you can see it's like $15 for 30 days free boasting required Dubost.
So if I wanted to just go ahead I just want to go ahead.
I just want to post anything.
I just come here and just just like dismiss.
And I just come here and I just said Go.
OK.
And then I just come here and I just entered the title.
So this is going to be like a test title and the price is going to be $250.
Street will be like the storied city the state OK and the country and there's that postal code and the
tags so I can also add the tags right now low
OK.
So here I can add the product description right now.
So the description is going to be like iPhone 6 says is 100 percent an original or something like that.
So then we have the image so you have to add the image that you want.
And so I'm just going to add this image.
OK.
So this is uploaded right now.
I'm just going to go ahead and I am going to continue right now so you can see it's persisting and that's
going to take me to the new bait.
So here it is review your listing rules and guideline and your IP address.
And these are the rules and guidelines.
Total amount to you is this I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit.
So it's just precessing and you can see.
Thank you.
Your ad has listing has been submitted and is now live.
So I'm going to go out and I'm going to hit you my dashboard so you can see it's here.
Test title.
This is the image right now.
And this is the price I pay.
And here is everything taken t everything is right.
Coming here the details are coming here and the description is also coming years.
This theme is pretty cool of bad.
OK.
And you can also create And just for you of the categories as well and everything.
So let's just go ahead and let's just review our dashboard.
OK what we have to do is that we have to first come here with the settings and then we have to review
the dashboard so and customize the look and feel of your website by just click going get a very press
customized are really customizing this later on.
We are here to overview this.
Phoebe Kohn Is this you guys already know about it.
And then we have the social so in here I have to just enter this and enter this so like this will be
like Twitter ID and this you have to enter your Twitter ID and Facebook ID here.
And then we have the analytics code.
You can just enter your Google Analytics just to check everything like how much viewers you have.
I'll be just explaining you later on when we will move forward.
So then we have this Google Maps.
OK you can just grab the API key just for that to work.
So you guys already know that in the DV team we work for that Google Map API seems like this we have
to just go ahead.
We need to grab the API.
I haven't just open this up and here you can see it should be open.
This is right here and here it is get a key.
I want to grab the query now.
And in here it says select the projects I'm just going to select the project I'm going to hit next.
And you have to create a new project since we have already created the project and we were just working
with the DV.
That is why I'll be using this one.
I'm just going to copy it.
OK.
And I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it right now so you can see this is pasted
And now we have the search.
So the search will basically exclude the exclude from search result pages will be excluded.
The blog post will be excluded and the refined price later use a price later instead of in book feels
refined search for that and then we have the home base.
So this will be the home page like if we just come here and we just want to view our website again see.
Here it is home.
This and everything is coming right here.
OK.
So here is Home Page.
Welcome to our website.
List your classified ads.
We are number one classified listing become a free member and start listing of upset in minutes.
So this is basically the home page that we have right now.
But this is like that if I just come here and I just open this up in an incognito window that I also
let's see however say it looks
OK.
This is how it is looking OK it's safe to say let's show classified ads.
We are number one that does this and register now just to get started.
So this is how it is looking.
OK.
Then we have new ads so if anyone wants to post an ad and it says please and the fill fields below required
fields are denoted by this you will be given the opportunity to review your ad before it is posted so
you can see everything is right here everything is coming you can come there and he can change it.
If I just come here and I just said post ad then he can see in the new ad here.
OK.
You must first log in our register to get your account set up so here and say is complete all the fields
and is going to go hey I'm going to enter the username so and the email and my account will be active.
So I just go ahead let's just enter any user name and the email and I'm going to hit create account.
So you can see on just clicking create account.
You can check your email for a new password.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to go to my e-mail right now and I'm going to check that e-mail for the password that they
have given.
So I'm just going to come here and you can see your new username and password too.
I'm going to I'm here I'm going to copy the password that I have got.
This is the password and it's going to come here and I'm going to copy it.
OK.
And now I'm going to come here and I'm going just going to come here and I'm going to enter it.
So these are names should be this and the password should be the one that I have entered.
OK.
And I'm going to hit Logan.
So this is going to lock myself in right now and I'm logged in right now.
You can see how this is looking.
I can just go to my dashboard right now and then here I can just also just work that my my profile like
here at a profile.
Again the senator my first name last name my picture can also be coming here.
I can enter my Facebook and I can even generate any password I can hide it and I can
just enter a new password here so you can see this is right here.
Active membership back back.
And so we don't have any of the membership back that is why this is not coming here.
OK.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going ahead of the profile and you can see that my password has
been changed right now.
So this is how a user can just go ahead and change his password so he can see that we have some featured
listing as well and everything coming here.
Now let's go ahead and let's just come here to this one right here.
So if anyone is just going to post a new ad.
OK.
So let's suppose that this guy come here and he just wants to post a new ad.
OK submit your listing OK.
Please fill in this.
And so this is right coming here.
Exactly.
If I just come here and I just make it like bring it here.
OK.
Let's just bring it right here and bring this one right here so you can see I mean see new ad this is
exactly same as this one right here.
So you can see how this is looking and then we have the membership package that that you would like
to purchase for your accounts.
If you just go to the home page right now and then we go down and
manage ads I have to just said protégées a membership back frequency and say Please select a membership
package that you want that you want to describe and everything is coming here so you can just edited
and it'll be edited here.
OK.
And then we have the terms and conditions so Terms and Conditions will be available when you are posting
an ad so I showed you that how can a guy can post an ad.
OK.
And now what we have to do is that we have to just break into categories.
So here we have the categories menu.
So here in the menu it's going to show the count how many display the number of ads next to the category
name.
So we don't want to show the number.
Hide the empty categories.
Obviously we want to hide the camp to get agrees that does not have any of the product.
But I'll be showing up right now.
OK.
Because I want to show everything OK and then we have.
But if you are selecting it if you are creating it then make sure to hide the empty category since we
don't have so many ads.
That is why we cannot show them.
And I would recommend you one more thing is that if you are creating a classified website then please
make sure that you do not look for me say that that you do not charge them for the advertisement.
Keep it free so that so many people can come they can post the ad and once they posted they should get
the result.
It will be increased day by day day by day day by day.
And then you will start.
You can start getting to pay them.
OK.
Please do not just add that in and tell them to pay first because your website is just starting and
you should not charge them.
There are so many free Web sites for people who can be where people can dispose their add to why they'll
come here and post your ads so they can see that we have the category Dept.
It should be three like the number of levels that the category can go into deep so you can see that
how many subcategories we can create.
It should be like three or you can just like show all.
So you can and I'll be just going up into default.
You can select that how many deep categories you want it to be like for the phones you can dislike iPhone
Android or Windows and you can not go beyond that like if you want to create a new more category that
will not be displayed under that so you can dislike the like to show all to like all categories should
be shown.
And then we have the categories page.
So this is like categories and menu.
OK.
And then we have the categories page.
So anywhere we want to work with the categories page we have the show all OK and we have the category
depth and it should be able to show all the number of levels that the category should display or have
show count height empty and the number of columns.
You can also choose a column like how many columns you want.
I'll choose three and then we have the search categories like.
It will show off and this will be coming up like this.
Do you guys already know that what is here actually is.
We have already Verd when we go creating our e-commerce based website.
OK.
So when we were creating our e-commerce website be free for this type of category here now you can see
that when we were creating this Web site if you just go to Shop-Rite Now you can see this is basically
called here at Chih.
So then we have the Showground and then we have the Hyde M.D.
So this is also coming right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to say right now and then
we have the listings so in the listing we would be having all the listing that overpersuade have.
So it's these allow users to edit and publish their ad obviously or no once they publish it they can
not edit.
OK.
And then we have the relisting allow users to relist and pay for that expired ad listing.
It's like 90 days each ad will be listed in the paper in boasting allow users to post in top level of
high tech goodies.
No
allow paid in posting if said M-B and allows posting top level degrees only if they have no time to
get tickets so you have to just sit like this and this or that if there is no subcategory then the main
category will be selected.
Otherwise it will not be selected.
OK so then we have the enquiry form requires visitors to be logged in before they can contact owners.
OK so this is like the most important.
In most cases you should keep this set to no to encourage visitors to question without having to create
an account.
OK lets just said no.
They can this question without creating that account.
But permit users to use HTL mail within their settings turn on the tiny MCE editor on the text field
and allow the ad owner to use HTL TMF.
No no no no no.
We don't want to allow them.
OK.
And then we have the view counter.
It is like show page views counter on each ad.
This is important until we have to show that.
And then we have show a picture of the user on their ad listing.
Yes moderate ads manually approve and publish each new ad you can understand this because even we were
working with the commons.
I showed you in detail everything edited ads manually approve and are dramatically removed expired Howard's
listings obviously.
OK and then we have the ad images allow images to allow the users to upload and display the image that
Choire the images required at least one image.
Obviously we want to require that at least one image for posting the ad so if anyone is going to post
any ad then we want him direct fire saying.
So then we have the max images C-Max images a user can upload to per listing.
OK.
So and then we have the max size so it can be like one M-B so I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to
hit Savery now and you can see that we have the security and the security Saiz like back in Texas.
It will be like the back end access would be to the Edmond's only or you can just like that the selected
to be all access.
OK.
And then you have the recapture.
So you guys already know about the recapture that is a free service that you can add and then it's going
to it's going to just filter the bought.
OK so if anyone is coming from the BART and then posting ads on Diom of say that the BART then it has
this service that filled preven the barge to be posted that post the ads.
OK.
And then we have the advertising in the advertising we have like if you just come here and then we go
ahead and view our Web so you can see we have a head right here had it right here.
This is called basically advertising again and to record about Google Ad Sense or buy sell ads.
And then you can add your advertisement and then earn some money.
OK so you can move on with that.
I just feel like I'm here and here we have the image so you can either create your image if you want
to your specific ad or you can also have two options either to enter the cord from your Edisons or if
you want to add a specific ad here of this size then you can add that image and then you can enter the
you are into that.
If anyone clicks there he'll be we do it to to you or else I'm just going to add like curial like each
TTP as Collins last lash you to me dot com slash user slash and Zele grandma and three.
OK.
So if someone basically if anyone just come here and he just clicks on this ad.
So let's come here let's just refresh and you can see that if a guy clicks on this ad then we direct
them to our website.
So first of all we also have to upload the images.
So this is also important.
OK then it's all very commonly.
So we have to
upload the image OK let's just come here to from you or tell from media library
what's your supply of this one.
And turning to boast so you can see on just clicking there
and on saving this you can see it should be available here.
OK.
This is not working.
I don't know why this is not working.
Displayed in the header.
If I just come here and I just remove it and then I just said save changes.
OK.
And then let's come here and let's just search for it so you can see this is Rimmel.
This is breaking.
If I just come here and I add and turned the cord.
So if I just add the code right here
OK.
And then I come here and I just said Save genius so let's see if this works or not.
Yes this is working OK.
So now this is working OK you have to enter the image right now and then it'll work only.
So you have to just grab the you are L-A of the image.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to copy to you or else basically inserting Dubost.
This is not being inserted.
There's going to come here.
I'm just going to come here to me a.
OK.
And then I have to grab the link of this image so this is the link of the image OK.
I'm going to open this up and this is the thing I'm just going to paste it right here.
And let's come here and let's paste it into this box OK.
And then let's come here and that's it save changes so I'm just saving the changes and refreshing this
it will see this mean just coming and if someone clicks here he'll be redirected to my user profile.
So you have to make sure that you use the image that is said to be like the size of the image should
be of this size the size that is mentioned.
The size.
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here and I'm not going to display anything in the header.
And let's just go ahead and let's just hit save changes so you can see.
Nothing will be coming up here and this will be the normal Web site.
OK everything is totally OK.
So now let's go ahead and we have the advantage.
And in here we have like recent stats and said expired the ads that are saying you can manually expire
them those ads which are like older than 90 days OK because we have explained them in the listings that
the ads are older than 90 days are set to be expired.
OK.
So then we have this right here a user and developer settings which you can go ahead and move on like
light users create their own password hide WordPress toolbar for Wordpress logged in users.
This is important because I don't want to show the toolbars if I just come here to open this up in the
Incognito window and if I just come here and I'm just here then there should be no toolbar WordPress
toolbar.
OK this is like this so that anyone can not see that this is like I'm using WordPress.
OK so you must just hide it because this is important.
OK so these are the things that you can go ahead and you can move like disable log in page to anyone
can not move to date word press dot log and up to you can also disable it.
OK.
And these are like developer's settings.
You should not work for this.
OK.
So now we're totally done with this.
Do not mess anything here guys just leave it as it is.
And the next video will be working up for the posting of ads will be working up the categories and then
move for more further Stadion guys.
And by.